Looking at the current situation between the two countries,
the three countries of Japan are working together to achieve the same goal.
In other words, Germany and Italy are building new facilities in Europe,
and Japan is building new facilities based on the original Asian style in the area of the Great East Asia.
In the first place, we cannot expect the completion of an organization that will immediately become the world's number one.
It is inevitable that the world's ethnic groups will form a coexistence and cooperation between the two countries.
Therefore, it is inevitable that Japan will be in the East Asia and Germany and Italy will be in the European Union.
Looking at the situation from a historical perspective, from a territorial perspective, from an economic perspective, this is also an inevitable momentum.
I think that the second world war broke out in Europe,
and in the East Asia, it was a sign of the tension of a purely political international relationship.
The strength of the two countries is that Japan will cooperate with the Japanese,
and the Japanese will cooperate with Japan and help the three countries more than ever,
and in this way, it will create the power of the military alliance.
This is also an inevitable momentum.
We should now face a major national crisis since the beginning of the Japanese colonial era.
We must be determined to break through this crisis with a determination.